hey everybody my name is case today I'll
take you to the spark an inert kind of
community where we are going to play our
matches during the season I wrote my
first paper about tennis and about to
start do a remix project in which I show
you guys some basic strokes and I'll
give you a little bit advice on it so
have fun the first spoke you're going to
show you guys this serve the pork for
the service let you toss about one-third
of your hat and that you try to make use
of
and it should be looking
go any place but
water for the service that you that you
keep our strength to chest up chin up
chest up at all water hitting the ball
weighing function throw it in the air
like ranch with new money new axes
let me take you you probably never
thought we'd make you our here now with
my favorite stroke of the model I'm
going to show you how to hit a foreign
important for the porridge that you try
to make a loop while you're hitting it
and at the moment you actually hit the
ball you try to flick your wrist so you
can generate more power in Tuscon and it
should be looking away with like this
we gotta get down
of there
from displaying my most favorite shot in
tennis we move on to my least favorite
Charlie tenants it's the back end
important for your back in business your
bottom hand was kind of a guide and your
top hand is doing all the work and also
important is that you swing through over
your shoulder I'll show you something
Oh
goodness
demand let me show you guys diwali
important we're back in front of your
body when you're basically sitting on
the jet also
for this
try to flock to them I'm also going to
point your finger at smaller and do the
preparation
right
dream a dream that was on it a little at
me for my ambition you need a dream I
dream that was on it I hope you like
maybe you learn something from it oh
well god I tried on your bike
the time is now